With nuclear energy, maybe because I have a bias because I went through
the program but what's really pushed upon us is that it's very safe.
It's one of the safest ways to make energy that we have. Now there
is a concern about nuclear waste and of course you know we have nuclear
waste at the end of an aircraft carrier's life cycle, but it's
controlled in a certain spot and we put in the middle of the ground
as opposed so let's say charcoal which produces fumes in the air as
opposed to sunlight which doesn't provide the energy for the surface
area that it has , to produce as much as the nuclear power that is.
As opposed to wind which requires these big things in far off places.
So nuclear technology can be built anywhere in a safe manner, and
in fact the navy has a history of zero incidents of nuclear failures
in the navy's history, so we're really proud of that. I think that
nuclear technology should be the way to go for our future energy needs;
however, I do understand people's hesitation with taking on nuclear
power, especially with the thing that happened in Japan-the great
Japanese earthquake in 2001. So it's been a big problem to try to
pick up all of the all the pieces there. They still have problems
with it, even though it has been you know like eight years later. However
that took a huge natural disaster to cause a problem that day,
so whether it's charcoal whether it's sunlight you know no matter what,
when you have a big earthquake like that then that is going to
happen but otherwise nuclear power is one of the safest ways to make
energy that I know of, and that's what we are taught.